in the Korean forest Priovalovsky appeared
something unusual this unusual appeared
It has long been a hunting farm black
stones we drive along forest roads which
crawls through the Korean taiga to the right of
slopes on a spit
state border between russian and paikova
Prick them now seeing one and that
same picture
not a picture even about terrible sandy again
Karelian people on both sides of the road
stretch three-meter fences from
metal mesh here's the road here
overgrown with grass and bushes, but the roadside
he fence into the forest does not enter kilometers and
tens of kilometers of fences monotonous and
monotonously rise not along the verges
sometimes a little going deep into the forest skirting
places where some work is being done but
then reappear at the curb all
road tunnel between the fences
comes across a branch off the road leading
deep into the forest they are blocked by the gate
prohibitive inscriptions
we are here today
because we are very indignant at what about
black stones erected this fence and
we do not go to the forest we do not collect not
mushrooms and berries we can not get on
fishing
because everywhere there are signs hanging
phone on the fence window there is no connection
here communication is limited to today
the day here is this fence here but we have
the same situation awaits in the village attempted
power rural road there is exactly the same
will stand the fence will restore you
to stand set and people won't pass years there
we once were silent in due time
when they built this fence when they erected
we thought it was some sort of
the infrastructure will open
places but the village works literally 8-10
people people people people small
salary small pensions people live
in the summer, the hard thing is that
earning mushrooms in the forest picking berries
and we rent these berries we sell and
this we live all winter providing ourselves
so I believe that not only broken
my constitutional right
and the right ends about on our people in
the constitution recorded that forest and forest
lakes is a national treasure and we must
to have free access here is considered
free access our head collapse whom
does not see the settlement does not see this
the problem does not see why we are outraged
why we are outraged by the fact that there are fences
and gates
they he says we can him
call at twenty-four hours a day
to go to the forest and if it arose
some problem why should we
to call
why should we meet on our way
obstacles in the form of fences if so
why do we have here one question so I
I am going to court and I will defend my
constitutional law
I open the Russian constitution
federations
our main law is article 9 1 chapters
reads land and other natural resources
used and protected in Russian
federations as the basis of life and
activities of the peoples living on
appropriate territory let's
obey these words
natural resources as a basis
livelihoods of people living on
territory i open the forest code
Russian Federation Article 11 is quite
clearly treats the question under consideration
citizens have the right freely and
let's be in the woods for free
we emphasize these two words fluently and
free of charge to persons provided
forest areas have no right to interfere
access of citizens to these sites and collection
on them are not woody natural resources
Forest Code
this is federal law norm direct
actions
exactly according to this law
hunting farm
Bravo for rent forest land
enclosed today with fences I open
ruling of the supreme court of the russian
Federation of August 20, 14 a
the supreme court is just that
body that is authorized to interpret
laws and determine their application and here
the supreme court considered the appeal
open traffic complaint
shore against the grip of the little lake filed on
decision of the Leningrad Regional Court
the court satisfied the requirements of environmentalists in
full Russia Supreme Court
found that the Russian Forest Code
federation forbids to put a fence and in
forests and recognized its rates higher than
hunting legislation
activities based on this decision
civic activists using
prosecutors have achieved with the nose of all the fences
in the forests again since August 20, 2014
fences in the Russian forests outside the law
I am sure that carefully examine these
Documents must all Republican and
local officials including chapter
republics because if the fences in
the forests of Karelia will stand still further
we will be entitled to ask either
career I am not part of Russia or ours
personalities do not care about the constitution laws
and the supreme court I am sure that all residents
Sortavala district and all residents
Karelia must today open these
read documents carefully and
achieve their execution because if
we won't do it today tomorrow
we will all go to the forest through the gate
go swimming through the turnstile and after
tomorrow someone will rent
air and breathe will be through a special
pane disciplined and strictly
the norm